Remove NIST and Brainpool curve hybrids (#107)
openpgp-pqc/draft-openpgp-pqc: draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc.md

- Added `AES-256` / `AES-128` with `OCB` implicitly to v1/v2 SEIPD preferences of "PQ(/T) certificates".
- Added a recommendation to use `AES-256` when possible.
- Swapped the optional v3 PKESK algorithm identifier with length octet in order to align with X25519 and X448.
- Fixed ML-DSA private key size.
- Added test vectors.
- correction and completion of IANA instructions.

## draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc-02
- Removed git rebase artifact.

## draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc-03
- Updated SLH-DSA by removing parametrization and restricting to three SLH-DSA-SHAKE algorithm code points.

> - Moved NIST and Brainpool curve hybrids to a separate draft, dropped ECDSA from the current specification.

Author: ```suggestion
- Removed NIST and Brainpool curve hybrids, dropped ECDSA from the current specification.
```
